---
author: "Appwrite"
title: "Appwrite Developer Advocate - DX / Docs Engineer"
image: "https://cdn.homerun.co/60355/158f8052-d207-4ea2-82d4-d05492492533.png"
draft: false
date: 2024-08-28
description: "Appwrite is looking for a Developer Advocate with a focus on DX / Docs Engineering. This role is designed for individuals who are passionate about improving the developer experience through comprehensive documentation, direct community engagement, and advocacy of developer needs. You will act as a bridge between Appwrite’s technical teams (engineering, design, devrel) and our global developer community, ensuring that our documentation and developer resources accurately reflect our product’s capabilities and developer needs."
tags: ["remote", "full-time", "Developer advocate"]
archives: ["2024/08"]
---

Appwrite is looking for a dedicated professional to maintain and enhance their technical documentation, ensuring it remains accurate, engaging, and aligned with our latest product updates. You’ll play a key role in developing clear, comprehensive guides and tutorials that make our platform more accessible and useful to developers.

## Primary Responsibilities

- **Documentation Management:** Maintain and enhance Appwrite’s technical documentation, including API specifications, SDKs, and website content.
- **Content Development:** Create detailed guides and tutorials that align with our product updates and feature releases.
- **Consistency and Accuracy:** Ensure consistency in terminology, tone, and technical accuracy across all platforms, including UX writings, blogs, and documentation.
- **Community Engagement:** Actively engage with the developer community on platforms such as GitHub, Discord, Reddit, and X. Gather feedback and advocate for developer needs to improve Appwrite’s developer experience (DX).
- **Communication:** Clearly communicate design decisions and product changes to developers, explaining the rationale and collecting feedback to guide future developments.
- **Product Improvement:** Identify and address friction points in the product experience. Propose and lead initiatives to enhance functionality and usability based on community feedback.

## Requirements

- **Technical Expertise:** Strong background in software development, with proficiency in multiple programming languages and development tools.
- **Communication Skills:** Ability to articulate complex technical concepts in a clear and engaging manner across various formats and platforms.
- **Documentation Experience:** Proven experience in creating and maintaining high-quality technical documentation and developer guides.
- **Leadership:** Demonstrated ability to advocate for best practices in developer experience, both externally on social media and internally within Appwrite.
- **Team Collaboration:** Effective team player with experience working in fast-paced, cross-functional teams. Remote collaboration experience is a plus.
- **Professional Experience:** Previous experience in Developer Advocacy, Documentation, DX, or similar roles.

## Nice to Have

- **Open-Source Contributions:** Experience contributing to open-source projects.
- **Cloud Expertise:** Familiarity with cloud platforms and services.

## Benefit

- **100% Remote:** Work from anywhere! We take remote work seriously. If home isn’t your ideal workspace, we’ll cover the cost of a coworking or office space.
- **Stock Options:** Receive generous stock options in a rapidly growing company backed by top VCs.
- **Flexible Hours & Days:** We’re a remote team spread across various time zones. Work when it suits you best!
- **Healthcare:** Generous medical, dental, vision, and life insurance for employees. Full-time contractors will have healthcare costs factored into their salary.
- **GitHub Sponsorship:** We’ll sponsor any GitHub project of your choice annually.
- **Learning and Development:** Receive $3,000 USD annually to attend conferences, take classes, or further your education.
- **Team Gatherings:** Meet up in person a couple of times a year for work and fun! Help us decide our next location—NYC, London, LA, or Barcelona?
- **Top-Notch Equipment:** Choose a new laptop up to $3,000 USD and get reimbursed up to $500 USD for office expenses.
- **Unlimited Swag:** Enjoy unlimited credits to grab any official Appwrite Swag that you wish!

Apply using this link: https://www.appwrite.careers/developer-advocate-dx-docs-engineer/en/apply?&step=1
