---
author: "Prince (Aahil) Onyeanuna"
title: "Technical Community Manager"
draft: false
date: 2024-08-29
description: "Web3Auth is a VC-backed company that works on applied cryptography and we specialize in private key management software. Our company vision is to proliferate the usage of cryptographic keys to enable use cases that empower the individual. Our solution allows for applications to set up a public key infrastructure while maintaining flows that end-users are familiar with. You can (git) check out all of our open-source code at https://github.com/torusresearch. We’re heavily execution-driven, flexible and impact-focused."
tags: ["DevRel", "Full-time"]
Categories: [
    "Remote"
]
archives: ["2024/08"]
---

Join Web3Auth, a VC-backed leader in private key management software, where we’re revolutionizing the use of cryptographic keys to empower individuals. Our vision is to make cryptographic keys accessible and easy to use, enabling applications to set up public key infrastructures while maintaining familiar user flows. Our open-source code is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/torusresearch). We are execution-driven, flexible, and impact-focused, aiming to provide a seamless user experience that drives adoption in the Web3 ecosystem.

## Key responsibilities

- **Community moderation:** Monitor and engage with community channels (e.g., Web3Auth Discord Server, Developer Telegram groups, Web3Auth Community Forum). Respond to technical inquiries, perform basic troubleshooting, and engage actively with community members. Conduct AMAs, webinars, and workshops on Discord and other platforms.
- **Technical research:** Conduct in-depth research on Web3 security, MPC (Multi-Party Computation), and other blockchain technologies. Stay up-to-date on the latest trends, compile findings into reports, and collaborate with independent community members on their research.
- **Strategy support:** Assist in formulating and executing community engagement strategies based on research and feedback. Provide insights to enhance community interaction.
- **Collaboration and communication:** Work closely with the DevRel Team and other internal teams. Communicate effectively with developers and community members to ensure a cohesive community experience.

## Requirements

- **Blockchain expertise:** Strong understanding of blockchain technologies.
- **Research skills:** Proven experience in technical research, particularly in the blockchain space.
- **Community management:** Previous experience moderating technical or developer-focused communities.
- **Communication skills:** Excellent communication skills for engaging with community members and addressing their concerns promptly.
- **Adaptability:** Flexibility in your work schedule to accommodate the needs of an always-active ecosystem.
- **Content creation:** Proficiency in creating technical content and documenting processes.
- **Interpersonal skills:** Ideally, you possess good people skills, are resourceful, knowledgeable, and a critical thinker.

## What we offer

We offer competitive salaries and a dynamic, fast-paced work environment. If you are passionate about creating impact and eager to gain exposure to blockchain technology, we encourage you to apply!

Apply using this link: https://jobs.lever.co/TorusLabs/ca36fe8d-1211-4347-b977-f0ee0bc39890/apply
