---
author: "Prince (Aahil) Onyeanuna"
title: "Technology Writer"
draft: false
date: 2024-08-31
description: "MixMode is the leader in delivering generative AI cybersecurity solutions at scale. MixMode offers a patented, self-supervised learning Platform designed to detect known and unknown threats in real-time across cloud, hybrid, or on-premise environments. The MixMode Platform can be deployed seamlessly in minutes, adapting to the specific dynamics of an individual network without requiring rules, training, or tuning by security operators."
Categories: [
    "Remote",
    "Part-Time | Full-Time"
]
archives: ["2024/09"]
---

MixMode is the leader in delivering generative AI cybersecurity solutions at scale. MixMode offers a patented, self-supervised learning Platform designed to detect known and unknown threats in real-time across cloud, hybrid, or on-premise environments. The MixMode Platform can be deployed seamlessly in minutes, adapting to the specific dynamics of an individual network without requiring rules, training, or tuning by security operators.

The result is a truly autonomous threat detection platform that dramatically enhances the efficiency of SOC teams and delivers tangible business outcomes in days. Large enterprises with big data environments, including global entities in financial services, fortune 1K commercial enterprises, critical infrastructure, and government sectors, trust MixMode to protect their most critical assets. Backed by PSG and Entrada Ventures, the company is headquartered in Santa Barbara, CA. Learn more at www.mixmode.ai.

## Job Summary

MixMode.ai is looking for a part-time talented technical writer with a passion for completing technical writing and technical projects in an efficient manner. This individual is a results-oriented individual who is energized by working in a fast-paced, startup environment. They will own all assigned technical writing projects all the way through to completion, working under the direction of sales operations to establish timeline and goals, pulling in resources from across the company and managing challenges and obstacles along the way. They will work on a variety of projects simultaneously so must be proficient in juggling responsibilities and multi-tasking, excel in communication and exude a rallying spirit to motivate participants to the end. This person will interact with sales, operations, product and engineering.

**Apply using this link:** https://www.simplyhired.com/job/5E0KkFLmdubsjiv2FFozIShlotLPhXcpEIKypq9igBb61QC7sIgU2w