---
author: "Prince (Aahil) Onyeanuna"
title: "Technical Writer"
draft: false
date: 2024-08-31
description: "The Technical Writer will play a crucial role in supporting the Agricultural Research Service (ARS) Purchase Card Program (PCP) by developing comprehensive Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs). The primary responsibility is to identify, document, and standardize the procedures and practices used by Location Agency Program Coordinators (LAPCs) and Business Operations Specialists (BOS) involved in the management and oversight of the PCP."
Categories: [
    "Remote",
    "Part-Time"
]
archives: ["2024/09"]
---

## Scope of Work

The Technical Writer will play a crucial role in supporting the Agricultural Research Service (ARS) Purchase Card Program (PCP) by developing comprehensive Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).

The primary responsibility is to identify, document, and standardize the procedures and practices used by Location Agency Program Coordinators (LAPCs) and Business Operations Specialists (BOS) involved in the management and oversight of the PCP.

This role will involve collaborating with program staff to gather detailed information, analyze workflows, and create clear, concise documentation to facilitate onboarding, training, and consistency across the program

## Position Responsibilities

- Meet with LAPCs, BOS, and other relevant program staff to understand and document their current workflows, procedures, and practices.
- The Technical writer will work remotely.
- Analyze existing processes to identify areas for improvement and efficiency gains.
- Collect and review all relevant documentation and data necessary for creating accurate SOPs.
- Create detailed, easy-to-understand SOPs based on the gathered information, ensuring that all steps and processes are clearly documented.
- Standardize procedures across different tasks to ensure consistency in program management.
- Document each SOP with a focus on clarity, precision, and practical application.
- Produce high-quality written guides and manuals that can be used for training and onboarding new employees.
- Include estimated time requirements for each task within the SOPs, considering both active work time and potential downtime for receiving input or responses.
- Ensure that all documentation is well-organized, accessible, and maintained up-to-date with any changes in procedures or processes.

**Apply using this link:** https://www.simplyhired.com/job/S5oCEGL9XQLO6Yt9-IDvr05yTlkZxvub2n6s3zhsjVRtd-nJzgt6JA